feat(spec): Improvements and fixes in consensus overview (#738)
informalsystems/malachite: specs/consensus/overview.md

# Tendermint Consensus Algorithm

> A consensus algorithm is run by a set of **processes**[^1], some of which may
> fail, that **propose** values and guarantees that eventually all correct
> processes **decide** the same value, among the proposed ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A consensus algorithm is run by a set of **processes**[^1] (some of which may
fail) that **propose** and **decide** values. The algorithm guarantees that 
eventually all correct processes **decide** the same value, which must be one of
the proposed values.
```

[Tendermint][tendermint-arxiv] is a Byzantine Fault-Tolerant (BFT) consensus
algorithm, designed to tolerate the most comprehensive set of faulty behaviours.
A Byzantine process is a faulty process that can operate arbitrarily;
this means that in addition to the benign failures (crash, omission, etc.),

> it process can, deliberately or not, disregard the rules imposed by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the process can, deliberately or not, disregard the rules imposed by the
```

A round of consensus is organized into a sequence of three round steps:
`propose`, `prevote`, and `precommit`, as defined in line 4 of the
[pseudo-code][pseudo-code].
To each round step is associated a [consensus message](#messages), exchanged by
processes during that round step.

The current round step of a process `p` is stored in the `step_p` variable.

> In general terms, when entering a round step a process performs one or more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general terms, when entering a round step, a process performs one or more
```

function, where it also increases `round_p` to the started `round` number.
The `propose` step is the only round step that is asymmetric: different
processes perform different actions when starting it.
More specifically, the proposer of the round has a distinguish role in this round step.

In the `propose` round step, the **proposer** of the current round selects the
value to be the proposed in that round and **broadcast**s the proposed value to all
processes (line 19), in a [`PROPOSAL`](#proposals) message.
All other processes start a **timeout** (line 21) to limit the amount of time
they wait for the `PROPOSAL` message sent by the proposer.

### Prevote

The `prevote` round step has the role of validating the value proposed in the
`propose` step.
The value proposed for the round can be accepted (lines 24 or 30) or rejected
(lines 26 or 32) by the process.
The proposed value can be also rejected if not received when the timeout
scheduled in the `propose` step expires (line 59).

The action taken by a process when it moves from the `propose` to the `prevote`
step is to **broadcast** a message to inform all processes whether it has accepted
or not the proposed value.

> To accept a value `v`, the process issues a `PREVOTE` message for `id(v)`;
> to reject it, it issues a `PREVOTE` message for the special `nil` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accept a value `v`, the process issues a `PREVOTE` message for `id(v)`;
in contrast, to reject it, it issues a `PREVOTE` message for the special `nil` value.
```
